I don't like comics that go on stage drunk. Right? I don't like comic.
They need this alcohol or, or people that think weed, like, you know,
people that think weed, like I not saying weed makes you lazy.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but lazy people shouldn't smoke weed.
Right. And I know what you're saying. Well, as a person who smokes weed,
it really bothers me because I'm not lazy at all. And I just,
I hate that connection between lazy people and weed. Cause I don't think that's,
I don't think that's what makes you lazy.
I no, no, no. I'm not saying I'm not. I agree. That's why I'm saying,
I'm not saying it makes you lazy. No,
but if you're already lazy and then you do this mm-hmm <affirmative>,
it's not gonna be a winning combination. It's not just that.
It just looks bad. Cause and you blame it on the win look at Jr.
Smith. I think that, I think that was a weed situation was jar Smith from the,
from the, oh, you don't even, he don't even know Cleveland Cav. Jamie jumps in.
To press the microphone. I know that guy. I know that guy.
I know what we're talking about. That's the game last. That's the game.
How's the game. Cleveland Cavalier's he did something really stupid.
It was like two, it was like three, four seconds left. They their tie ball game.
Right? Uh, one of their other guys at the free one, he misses the free throw Jr.
Smith grabs the ball. Instead of putting it up to win the game,
he dribbles out cuz he thought that they were up and the look on his face
was like that kind of like I've seen this high look before.
I'm not saying he was on weed. No,
but I heard stories that he smokes a lot of weed. So,
and I'm saying like those weed people out there, like there's an example of it.
There are brilliant people that smoke weed. They are successful.
Look at LeBron's the look LeBron had on his face. <laugh> what.
The, man? What are you doing? First of all, first of all, how jacked is LeBron?
Look at those.
Shoulders. 6, 9, 2 50, probably 6% body fat.
Look at the shoulders on that side. 33 year is old too.
And he's getting better. Yeah. It's unbelievable. His shoulders are epic.
Yeah man.
There's another picture of him like straight on where he,
he literally looks like an Avenger.
Like he could be like some sort of like keep.
Him the away from Jeff. Novitzky you.
Know, look, look a picture. Look at that picture of them right there.
That one where jazz Smith is smiling. Dude. He's weed. Look on his face.
Oh. Hundred percent. Oh, that's a high guy.
He just gets high. And I think that stoners understand other stoners.
I think that he got.
Like a, he had a little blame, a brain slip. I guarantee he did. You know,
when are paying you 17 million or they.
Paid him off to try to drag it into seven games. That's jam thinks.
Oh my God. Look at it high as you guys go. That's boom. That's him. Yeah.
There's.
Plenty of pictures of me that look like that too. Where I'm sober. They,
they catch you. You could just catch a blink look. You could just look.
Up J Smith high and I'm sure there's a website.
So he smokes a lot of weed. Yeah. Oh yeah. There he is. Smoking weed.
He smoke weed. Well, there you go. Well dist,
doesn't it like one of those things, the NBA has it in their contract.
They don't test for weed. They, they do test, but it's not as, uh,
that's stringent as everywhere.
All the others tips for weed mm-hmm <affirmative> but these guys are all getting
high. Like it's blocker rooms have been for pool for,
you know, I told you I play pool pool. Marijuana's a performance enhancing drug.
A hundred percent. It makes my game 10% better.
Don't I don't believe you.
You don't have to. I'm telling you he.
Does not make your, it makes it game better.
It does. It makes you more sensitive. Trust me.
Oh's the reason why basketball players find it better too.
It puts 'em into some sort of a zone. Now,
are you saying that LeBron James knees weed? No, look,
there's a lot of pro pool players who are top of the food chain who don't do
anything. Right. But lot of guys who,
like it say that weed bumps their game up quite a bit. And I'm one of 'em.
It makes me play better. I'm telling you,
you don't know cause you don't smoke weed. Can you?
I, you need to experiment. Okay. I want to experiment. I want you to play.
You gonna, you're gonna play pool. Do you play? No. You gonna play pool sober.
Okay. Okay. And then you're gonna see your results. And then.
So the problem is if I sober and then I smoke high,
I smoke pot and get high. I will have been warmed up by the playing pool,
sober and I'll definitely play better high anyway.
Separate ex separate.
Days. But the problem with separate days is it have to,
your body has to be like perfectly in tune in order to get real accurate
results. Cuz one day I could've lifted weights, which up your pool game.
Like nothing. Here we go. Telling you, be honest with you. Just pick two days.
All my best games. I was medicated. Matt Barnes on his game day. Use of.
Marijuana, Matt Barnes, who will not be in the hall of fame,
who you know's good player. He he's right. But he's just right.
He's a role player I want, I want Michael Jordan to come out and say that,
then I'm gonna be like, oh wow. I, I want someone like that. No.
Don't tell me the role players. <laugh>.
Well, see you're saying this though, as a guy who doesn't smoke pot.
I I, but I telling you for.
Jujitsu, for jujitsu, it's a huge part of the jujitsu world.
A lot of people get high and, and,
and then two jujitsu and they say it makes their game better. What's.
The practical use of jujitsu.
Well, if you and I were in a fight that.
Would kill you that I think you would kill me. That's practical.
I think you would kill me anyway. Yeah, but that would be the practical. Okay.
So just, just for that moment, but in.
Any other time that, but no, no, it's not just would you wanna be.
High if you were like walk to your car late at night and then three guys came at
you and you would,
would let me ask you what's the perfect circumstance then you're it's late at
night. You're headed to your car. I don't think.
You understand marijuana.
Would you wanna, I'm just saying, would you want to, would you prefer,
would you prefer to be sober or high either? You'd fine with either one. Yeah.
Okay.
Good then. Depends. I mean,
I'm not gonna be able to do anything different if I'm sober or high I'm we're
not talking about drunk. Now, if you said, would I want to be drunk or sober.
Yeah. I'd wanna be sober. Oh no. I'm not.
I'm not. I get it.
If I'm worried about getting hit and I'm, I'm not,
I'm sure about reaction time or one of the things about pot is it makes you a
little bit paranoid. So it puts you on edge. Oh, it makes you aware of. Okay.
The other thing is it focuses, you like very cleanly on what you're doing. Oh,
this is.
Like, if you out here just really happy.
You're drawing. They're already. No, I like it.
But if you're drawing or music or something along those lines where you're
really trying to focus a lot,
like writing a lot of people really like it for those things because it makes
you really focus on what you are doing. But.
Then I tunnel vision.
But then I think what happens then is that that's whatever they were doing on
that they don't apply it to. Cause I have a lot of, we all have a lot.
We both have a lot of pothead comedian, friends. Yeah. But,
and there's some of 'em. I know that when I started with them,
I know that they're not doing what they're doing now and that they're,
they didn't key. Keep going, exceed their expectations.
And I know part of it was because of the pot.
I don't think it is.
I think the pot is just the common denominator use is an excuse.
It's not the common denominator is no work ethic. Agree.
The common denominator is that. And it didn't help the work ethic.
I don't think it hurts or helps. I think it's just, it's a factor.
See a study on this. Yeah. I mean the,
the study would be skewed because a lot of failures that get high all the time
would be in the study. Right. But a lot of winners that get high all the time,
don't want to talk about it. I that.
And I, by the way, I'm with you 100% on this. I,
what I hate is that the people that don't have any work ethic,
they look at somebody with a work ethic that smokes weed and say,
well, look, they made it cause they smoked weed. And I'm like, no,
they would've made it without.
The weed. Yeah. They would've made it without the weed. That's what I'm saying.
Before I ever smoked weed, I was already on television. Yeah.
I already had a Warner brothers CD, as you know,
I didn't start smoking weed until like 2000.
I'm not, I'm not listen. I'm not anti weed.
But I just think that that with anything there should be moderation. Yes.
No, I agree.
Like one of the best things I did last year was Ari and Tom Segura and Burke
Chrysler. And I, we did this sober October thing where for a whole month,
no booze, no pot. And we had to do 15 hot yoga classes in the month.
And I, I learned a lot in that month. I really did. Are you a different.
Are you a different person?
It, no, it was good. You gotta get outta here. Nah.
Yeah. No. Have another really?
Yeah. Jesus Christ.
It's 32 20 bro. Yeah, I'm doing another one. I'm going, I'm doing, I'm going,
going to see Barry KA, if you can believe that. Oh, congratulations.
<Laugh>.
Um, Barry cats is a podcast. That's gonna be a interesting day for me. What,
what is.
What was we just oh, about the pot, but what I forget what I was gonna say.
Stoner thought, no, it's not Uhhuh. It's not whether or not you smoke pot.
It's whether or not you get things done and whether or not you write out what
you're supposed to do, whether or not you, you actually try to achieve goals,
whether or not you're, you're actively trying to improve whatever you're doing.
Whether build cars or make carpet cabinetry.
It's just about whether or not you're working towards succeeding and,
and improving. And.
I, I agree. Listen, I agree with you. I'm not anti pot. I'm I'm not. I.
Agree. I agree with you.
But based on evidence of the people that are around a lot of us,
we should be anti pot. I should be anti pot, dude.
I know a lot of people that were, they were made me sad.
Like I'd run into 'em at the comedy store and they'd be like, bro,
you got any weed on you, man. You got weed. And I'd be like,
you're not doing anything. Yeah. You're not doing anything with your life.
And you want some weed, go get a job. Those are get some wheat. Yeah.
But then you also see guys like Ari who get high all the time and they're
constantly working or you know, are Doug.
Benson. Who's like the most functional pothead I've ever met in.
My life. He, I all day he's a weird one or Snoop dog. Yeah. So, so.
There, there are people, but these are people that are, they're the exceptions,
not the rule.
I wonder there's a lot of people on wall street that get high.
There's a lot of people that are involved in like the tech world,
that eye a lot. And what, what people think about it is that,
look it's like everything else, man.
It can be good for you or it could your world up. You know? I mean moderation.
I think there's some benefit to it. And what the benefit is, vulnerability,
creativity. It makes you feel vulnerable. It makes you reexamine things.
It makes you look at, I mean, people call it paranoia.
I just think it broadens your, your awareness. But.
I think it's a standup.
You already have a level of vulnerability just going on stage and talking about
things. For sure. So.
That's like my, for sure. There's some of that.
I just feel like that's my drug.
It's a good drug. I mean, it's,
it's definitely not one that's gonna ruin your life hopefully. Yeah.
Unless you tell a bad planet of the apes joke on Twitter. Oh.
On that and Ambien, you know.
And Ambien.